"...if you treat Thanksgiving as special, if you think of it as a single meal event, its a lot easier to get back to the lean habits that you are mastering on the other days of the year."
Looking for a fitness challenge? Check out MapMyFitness's first ever Workout Games.
This 5 minute workout targets your thighs while also working your core.
Here are 10 healthier meals for when hunger strikes while youre on the road.
Break out the slow cooker! This hearty Bolognese sauce from Skinnytaste is low in carbs and sugarand delicious!
Discover the many healthy benefits of these seven fruits.
Want to try lifting heavier weights? These three easy exercises are a great introduction to the weight room.
In addition to being delicious, yogurt may have some long-term health benefits, according to a new study.
This often overlooked veggie is high in fiber, low in calories, and can help with digestion. (Thanks for the info and recipe Lorimer Street Kitchen!)
Many adults eat less than half of the five servings of fruits and vegetables theyre supposed to per day, a new study says. Are you getting enough?
We're keeping World Egg Day celebration going with these delicious egg recipes you can make for any meal.
Ever had a roasted cranberry? Try them in this warm, maple quinoa recipe from Love and Zest.
What are your go-to snacks before or after a workout?
Is your fitness age younger than your real age? Use this tool to find out...
Bringing your own lunch doesnt have to be boring. Try any of these lunch recipes to change up your mid-day meal routine.
Swap gym time with play time with these 7 playground moves.
The best dinners come with the least cleanup, like this mouthwatering One-Pot Taco Casserole recipe from Fit Foodie Finds. http://ow.ly/C7PiP
A small amount of sin goes a long way if indulging a little bit prevents a full-fledged dietary meltdown, its probably worth the extra calories.
Spice up veggies in a creamy new way with this roasted eggplant & lentil bowl with garlic yogurt sauce from Dietitian Debbie Dishes. http://ow.ly/CleH0
These 10 recipes focus on eating lighter and feeling fuller with veggies, lean protein, superfoods and whole grain.
Are your workouts taking a toll on your feet?
Your protein shake may not be giving you the benefits you think...
Our Registered Dietitian explains how to calculate your calories for your specific health goals.
"Thanks for everything you do, making the MyFitnessPal community so amazing, and helping us toward our vision of making an even healthier world."
Try these stretches to help open up your hips and legs, and improve mobility.
Serving sizes can definitely be tricky...
Make yourself a hearty potato soup with one surprising trick for fuller broth flavor with this recipe from Love and Zest.
Wondering what to eat after a workout? Try these snacks & meals to refuel without overdoing it.
Do you interpret serving size as a recommendation of how much you should eat or drink?
Learn how to perfect your plank and avoid some of the most common mistakes.
Is your workout regimen taking a toll on your feet?
Losing weight is never easy, but some women find it particularly hard after pregnancy. Pact and MyFitnessPal helped Sally. Do you have any tips that worked for you?
Refreshing coconut lime rice noodle salad from Clean Eating is a light, high fiber lunch option.
Do you have a hard time motivating yourself to go running? Give these tips a try.
Short on time? Here's a strength routine you can do in just 15 minutes.
Curious about the IIFYM diet? Here's a breakdown of the basics from our friends at DailyBurn.
One cup of this stir fry has 23 grams of protein and pairs well with brown rice. Find the recipe in our free downloadable cookbook! http://ow.ly/EzhKi
Intense workouts don't have to be high-impact...
This 7 move routine gives you a full core workout you can do anywhere - no crunches necessary!
Get ready for a workout or loosen up on a rest day with this routine from Experience Life Magazine.
Dont let strength imbalances stop you from seeing progress...
Lots of exciting news, today! Check out our co-founder Al Lee explaining MyFitnessPal's new recipe tool to USA TODAY!
This warm, crunchy cranberry walnut loaf from The Healthy Maven is gluten-free, and can be made with whole-wheat flour, as well.
"While you probably wouldnt eat 10 to 12 fresh apricots in one sitting, its actually quite easy to do with a bag of the dried stuff."
Find out how these women find time to meditate, and what it does for their workweek, sanity and happiness.
Learn why this unexpected exercise phenomenon occurs and how to prevent it from happening again.
Planning meals gives you more control over portions, helps you avoid unnecessary calories, and can save money. Heres how to get started.
Curious about what life is like at MyFitnessPal? Learn more from our Android Lead, Eric. 
Fluffy quinoa and tender veggies in chili-tomato sauce thickened with one surprising ingredient...
These pumpkin bites make a great on-the-go breakfast or mid-afternoon snack.
I should work out, but I just cant seem to do it. What should I do?
Curious about indoor cycling? Here's a summary of what you can expect, plus tips on adjusting your seat, special lingo, and more.
Struggle with late-night snacking? Try these tips!
Looking for a recipe for a special occasion? Here are 10 delicious, healthy main dishes...
Enjoy crunchy, cheesy chicken parmesan with less fat and fewer calories in this recipe from Skinnytaste. http://ow.ly/BQ68g
Lentils are a great source of protein and iron. Try them in this stew  a delicious balance of sweet veggies and a hint of spice.
Planks are a great way to build strength. Learn to master your form, plus 3 variations for an extra challenge.
Enjoy all of the veggies autumn offers with this Roasted Vegetable Salad with Maple Orange Cinnamon Dressing from The Roasted Root. http://ow.ly/Cdhs3
These warm baked pears from The Wheatless Kitchen make a satisfying dessert you can feel good about.
Here are 6 ways to use 2 Fall favorites in main dishes from Lorimer Street Kitchen.
Do traditional crunches hurt your back? Heres a great 10-minute workout to try instead...
All proteins are not created equal, but with some smart food pairing you can get all of the nutrients your body needs.
Make flavorful jerk chicken in just three steps with this slow cooker recipe from The Healthy Maven. http://ow.ly/CfR1O
Recovery workouts can help prevent injuries, relieve stiffness, and improve stability. Give this one a try - no equipment required!
It crept onto our menus, then it showed up on clothing... See how kale came to be a full-blown sensation.
Love baked goods for breakfast? Try these healthy muffins made with banana, almonds, and oats.
Turns out exercise could improve more than your just physical health...
"The key is to take action right away. Do something today! Ask yourself right after reading this, What can I do right now? Then go out and do it."
Heres a quick way to get a burst of cardio into your day.
Do any of these surprise you?
Are fish oil supplements right for you? Here are a few ways to find out.
Learn which kinds of sore signal improvement and which may be warning of injury.
We've made shopping for the paleo person on your list a little easier with these gift ideas...
We've rounded up 20 protein-rich dishes that are high on taste and low in calories.
What advice would you give someone just getting started with MyFitnessPal?
Want to update your MyFitnessPal weight ticker? Here's how.
A helpful exercise to identify the difference between physical hunger and emotional hunger...
A delicious breakfast with 15g of protein, 7g of carbs, and under 200 calories. (Recipe by Skinnytaste)
Turning to "comfort food" after a stressful day may be more damaging to our waistlines than previously thought...
Running short on time doesn't mean you have to skip your workout...
Try these 7 moves to improve your balance, build lean muscle and boost your metabolism.
Here's one tip you can use daily to help you stay on track toward your goals.
Should you exercise on empty? DailyBurn shares the pros and cons.
End your Halloween on a light note with this pasta recipe from Skinnytaste.
Find out which types of sore signal progress and which may be warning of injury.
Still have some holiday shopping to do? Check out our list of affordable healthy gift ideas.
You asked, we listened! You can now get your own MyFitnessPal t-shirt & water bottle from our first-ever pop-up shop!
From runners and yogis to cooks and gadget-lovers, we've got gift ideas for everyone on your list!
This omelet from The Calories In Calories Out Cookbook is a simple, satisfying breakfast you can make with whatever veggies you like.
Make it easier (and fun!) for friends to join your fitness journey with these simple tips.
Click Like if you're going to meet your calorie goal for the day!
This cheesesteak from Maebells delivers a delicious serving of lean protein and flavorful veggies.
We partnered with BuzzFeed to showcase why 2014 was a great year for kale!
Were excited to introduce the new MyFitnessPal Log It button!
These small, but smart, changes can make a big difference to your health!
Need a quick, high-protein meal? Try these huevos rancheros from Dietitian Debbie Dishes  ready in just 30 minutes! http://ow.ly/EpYWY
Here are some tasty tricks to make your winter soups and stews nutritionally friendly. (Thanks Lorimer Street Kitchen!)
Happy Friday! What non-scale victories did you have this week?
To keep the holidays happy and bright, we invite you to join this simple challenge...
Tips to take you from "I hate running" to "Running is the best part of my day"...
Check out these strategies to overcome the most common holiday hurdles.
Getting enough sleep can help you achieve your health and fitness goals. Here's how.
Did your favorite workout make the list?
MyFitnessPal users share their tips to avoid temptation.
Feeling your workout in your shins? Try these 5 moves to keep the pain from coming back.
Kicking off a new workout program? Use these tips to keep your momentum!
Looking for inspiration as you head into the new year? Check out these incredible stories from people who've made their health goals a reality...
Want to try Runtastic PRO free of charge? Go to http://bit.ly/1vIO19e   for a personal promo code, courtesy of our friends Runtastic
Enjoy a flavorful, low-carb dinner with 40 grams of protein per serving with this tuna recipe from Fitbie.
This breakfast burrito from Clean Eating magazine can be made ahead and frozen  just pop in the toaster oven and you've got breakfast!
As an experiment, Diana temporarily gave up boxed carbs. Here's the first thing she realized...
Some interesting news from major soda manufacturers... 
Could changing how you view working out help you stick with it long-term?
Celebrate a classic fall flavor with these delicious apple recipes.
Your meal's smallest details could affect how you experience it... 
Learn 5 common foam-rolling mistakes  and how to fix them!
Need some healthy, family-friendly meal ideas? Try these delicious Mexican-inspired disheseasy enchiladas, tasty tacos, and more!
This practice is designed to ease your muscles into cool-down mode immediately following a workout.
The stress you feel may affect more than just you...
Do you have an accountabilibuddy for your 2015 goals? Add them on MyFitnessPal at http://bit.ly/1EPWvTH
Do you feel tight and achy after exercise? Learn about one of the common causesand what to do about it.
Enjoy superfood kale in a new way with this satisfying salad from The Roasted Root.
Give your side of potatoes a boost of protein and delicious pesto flavor with this recipe from 24 Carrot Life. http://bit.ly/1FJJ19U
Need new workout gear? Or know someone who does? Check out our top gift ideas for this year.
Feeling grumpy? Dehydration may be the culprit...
Check out this tip from The Kitchn: This free online class will teach you everything you need to know about kitchen knife techniques.
Feel like you're doing all the right things, but the number on the scale isnt going down? Here are 5 potential causes to check for.
Just one little phrase can make all the difference...
Fit a complete meal in one pan with this delicious egg bake from The Lean Green Bean.
Our survey about gluten-free diets turned up some interesting insights! See the results over at TIME...
For World Diabetes Day, learn what it means to live with and manage this disease.
This chicken pot pie from Cooking Light magazine has all of the homey flavors you love, with fewer calories and less sodium than the classic version.
This Cooking Light recipe gives beef rich, elegant flavors in just 20 minutes.
This veggie-packed frittata from Skinnytaste is low-carb, low-calorie, and is great for any meal of the day.
Craving comforting game day food? Try this spin on buffalo chicken from Food Fanatic. http://bit.ly/1pkTfU1
Need a quick lunch recipe for this week? Try these wraps from Maebells with any veggies you have at home.
Yes, you can enjoy french toast on your health journey.
This boxing-style workout can help with strength and endurance  and you can do it at home!
Our Registered Dietitian breaks down what you need to know about the new gluten-free labeling law.
Looking for a new chicken recipe? This one from The Honour System is an easy dish to throw together.
Learn how one company is working to make healthy choices more fun for kids.
Lower body workouts don't have to strain your joints. Give this knee-friendly routine a try.
Pizza lovers looking to cut back on calories (or carbs): these Cook Smarts portobello pizzas are for you.
Thanks for sharing your stay-hydrated secrets with us!
This grain-based salad from Nutrition Stripped uses citrus, fresh herbs, and earthy nuts to create a flavorful, summery side packed with antioxidants.
Spice up your side of veggies with this traditional zucchini and summer squash recipe from Dietitian Debbie Dishes.
Challenge your core with these 5 moves  a great alternative to crunches!
Here's a surprising side effect of drinking sugary sodas...
Get energized first thing in the morning with this quick 15 minute workout.
Finding time get in a full workout can be hard sometimes. Here are some ways you can shorten workouts and still improve your progress.
"I gradually discovered that healthy cooking could actually be really tasty--and it didn't mean skipping the butter on my broccoli."
Here are 10 gift ideas to make the women on your shopping list both look and feel great.
Start your day with a delicious balance of flavor and crunch, plus a boost of fiber with this parfait from The Wheatless Kitchen.

Do you look at labels for food dyes?
Apple chips from Food Fanatic make a fantastic grab and go snack you can pack with lunch.
Breakfast sandwiches don't have to be high in carbs...
Going for a post-feast walk? Here are 3 ways to get the most out of it.
Sitting at a desk all day can be hard on your body. Give these moves a try this week.
Sunny side up eggs over veggies and toast are great motivation to wake up and get going. Try them in this recipe from Fitbie. http://bit.ly/1veaOLd
Need some brunch inspiration? Try this tasty fall pancake recipe from The Wheatless Kitchen.
Heads up, nut butter lovers!
Mix just three ingredients for a healthy breakfast that tastes like dessert in this recipe from Skinnytaste.
Who has inspired you along your health journey?
Make a dish that will please a crowd, and keep you on track toward your goals with this recipe from Skinnytaste.
Carbs can be the most important nutrient on tough training days. Heres the low-down on how your body fuels up and uses carbs for energy.
Learn how to adjust your macronutrients for training days and rest days to lose fat and build lean muscle.
For those of you who want to start a new healthy habit, here are 5 gifts to give yourself.
Looking for recipes that fit your calorie goals? Check out our new calorie-specific boards on Pinterest.
Count down to 2015 with 15 must-try recipes that are healthy and delicious!
Enjoy caramelized brussels sprouts paired with corn and savory ham in this side dish from Healthy Nibbles & Bits.
The new data on adult obesity rates in the U.S. are in, and unfortunately no one gets bragging rights. See how each state is faring here: http://ow.ly/C7vOs
Curious about juice cleanses? Here's what you need to know...
"We might not work up a sweat while shopping or doing housework, but every minute when were not lounging on the couch is another step toward good health. "
Do you avoid running because you think you're not fast enough? This one's for you!
Do you snack while watching TV?
Salmon & lemony kale pack in the protein and 5 major vitamins and minerals in this recipe from Eating Bird Food. 
These cheesy fritters make a delicious, fiber-filled dish  great as an appetizer, side, or main course!
How do you stay active when the days get shorter?
Learn how taking your run off road can help both your physical and mental health. Thanks, SwimOutlet.com!
Simply switching up a common activity can help keep you moving forward toward your health goals...
Whether you're training for your first 5K or a half marathon, here are 8 tips to keep in mind.
Crunchy outside, warm, flavorful inside, these taquitos from Uproot from Oregon are delicious, and can be filled with whatever ingredients you have on hand.
Not sure whether to grab a water or a sports drink after your workout? Here's a breakdown of the options.
Explore a new way to make salad with this high-fiber Broccoli Salad with Honey Toasted Walnuts from The Roasted Root.
These homemade travel-friendly snacks are quick to make, and most contain ingredients you likely already have at home.
If you were explaining MyFitnessPal to a friend, how would you finish this sentence? 

"MyFitnessPal is _______."
Give your stair workout a boost with these 7 moves.
The week between Christmas and New Year's is a challenging time to stay on track, but it can be done!
Looking for a new arm workout? Try adding these strength moves from DailyBurn into your routine.
On a budget this holiday season? We've rounded up 10 healthy holiday gifts all under $25.
Try this healthy breakfast from Fitbie that tastes like dessert!
These drool-worthy Cheesy Veggie Enchiladas from The Honour System are topped AND stuffed with serious savory flavor.
Heres a quick way to get a burst of cardio into your day.
If you struggle to stick with your New Year's resolutions or health goals, this approach may help...
Short on space? You can do this 20-minute, total-body workout just about anywhere.
Enjoy a crispy snack thats tasty and good for digestion with these oven-fried okra from Love and Zest.
Fuel up for optimal nutrient balance with these 8 runner-friendly recipes.
Warm up with a bowl of fall flavors and nutrients in this recipe from Nutrition Stripped.
Learn what your sore muscles mean and how to help them recover.
Happy Guacamole Day! Celebrate with this delicious twist on the beloved dip.
A great challenge to try this season... or even today!
Start your day with a satisfying breakfast burrito with this make-ahead recipe from Clean Eating magazine.
This frittata from Eat Spin Run Repeat is an excellent way to make a delicious, low-carb breakfast for the family or a group of friends.
Olive oil is great for baking and sauting, but there may be some nutritious options better suited for your other cooking needs...
Make a high-protein dish full of southern flavor with this one-pot jambalaya recipe from The Roasted Root.
Check out this low impact workout that keeps the pressure off your knees.
Give tacos a fresh, healthy twist with this recipe from Skinnytaste.
Freshen up leftovers with greens and quinoa in this salad from The Roasted Root.
Looking for holiday dessert recipes? Here are 10 delicious ones, including a low-sugar Raspberry Cheesecake. http://ow.ly/FfmY3
This workout will keep you burning calories long after you've finished it.
These running ideas can help keep things fun, and can be modified for any fitness level.
"The key is understanding that happiness is fleeting. It comes and it goes. Here are five ways to help happiness come more often.
This twist on pork chops and apple sauce from Cooking Light magazine is a high-protein, low carb meal that's also quick to make!
"I had to overcome that little voice that told me it would be easier to just do what I normally do."
Sneak some veggies into breakfast with these nutritious spinach pancakes from Healthy Nibbles & Bits.
Great tips on how to make lunchtime exercise work...
Indulge in a healthy spin on the ultimate comfort food with this Skinny Baked Broccoli Mac & Cheese recipe from Skinnytaste. http://ow.ly/C5CXh
Enjoy crispy, cheesy chicken parmesan with less fat and fewer calories...
This eggnog oatmeal recipe cooks the creamy holiday flavor you love into a delicious healthy breakfast.
This recipe from Running With Spoons makes six fluffy pancakes that are high in fiber and protein.
If money were no object, what healthy gift would you ask for for the holidays?
Are you on Instagram? We'd love to connect with you there, too! Check out our profile for food and fitness inspiration to help you on your health journey.
Happy Halloween from the MyFitnessPal team! What are you dressing up as?
Wake up to the smell of apple pie with this overnight breakfast recipe from The Healthy Maven.
Satisfy your sweet tooth, or make beautiful gifts for your friends with these 10 healthier holiday cookies  all under 135 calories per serving.
Breakfast sandwiches don't have to be high-carb. Try this satisfying, low-carb egg sandwich recipe from Fitbie. http://ow.ly/BSJgl
Ive lost a total of 130 pounds, have gone from a size 26 to a size 4, and dont want to go back to being a couch potato!
Cardio, strength, flexibility  kettlebells are great for them all!
Meal planning can be easier than you might think...
What's your New Year's resolution going to be?
There are so many great cooking tools out there. To help you choose the best ones this holiday, here are our favorites...
Do your friends or family push you to eat foods that aren't part of your nutrition plan? Here are 4 strategies to help you handle the pressure.
This hearty chicken salad from Clean Eating magazine uses quinoa and millet for a nutritious dinner or lunch.
Wake up to fluffy eggs studded with bacon and cheddar cheese in this slow cooker recipe.
This recipe from Cook Smarts combines pistachios, bacon, and brussels sprouts to make a low-carb meal that's high in fiber and flavor.
When life gives you leftovers, make pot pie and soup! Here are 8 healthy recipes to put leftovers to good use
Do you struggle with stress? Here's an approach that may help...
Take your turkey sandwich from ordinary to exciting with this recipe from The Salt Solution Cookbook.
Share your experience: How has using MyFitnessPal helped you change your eating habits?
Quick enough for a weeknight, and tasty enough for a dinner party, this crusted salmon from The Endless Meal is a great go-to dish.
Check out 3 benefits of yoga that can also help you on your health journey.
Enjoy the flavor of a decadent Fall brunch in a healthy breakfast with this apple cinnamon baked oatmeal from Fit Foodie Finds.
Breakfast quinoa is a tasty alternative to oatmeal, especially when paired with fruit. Find the recipe in our free eCookbook! http://ow.ly/EzhKi
This simple Garlic Lovers Kale Salad from Eating Bird Food is packed with nutrients and only 100 calories per serving.
Knowing what to eat is as important as knowing how much to eat when youre expecting, which is why were excited to partner with Glow and further help moms-to-be.
We did some research to find top habits of successful MyFitnessPal users. Here are 5 you can incorporate into your journey.
This high-protein chili from Fitbie is a delicious way to end a long day, or pack the next day for lunch! http://ow.ly/FWn6h
Our Registered Dietitian dives deeper into the latest low-carb studyincluding a few details the abstract doesn't mention...
Change up your lunch routine with these tasty recipes - great for at home or to bring to work!
"For the first time in my life, I feel comfortable in my own body."
Celebrate your journey for Throwback Thursday! Share your before & after photos in the comments! #throwbackthursday #tbt
Train your brain to know when to step up your workout, and when you need a break.
Enjoy fluffy eggs and tender veggies all in a gluten-free almond meal crust in this recipe from Healthy Nibbles & Bits.
What health milestones did you reach this year?
"Habits are hard. But this is the one habit that makes all the other 167 habits on our list easy."
Need a workout you can do at home or outside? This routine can be done anywhere and is scalable for all abilities and fitness levels.
Love cheese? Check out this advice from Keri Gans, M.S., R.D., author of The Small Change Diet.
Enjoy Halloween treats without overloading on sugar with these fun homemade snacks from Lorimer Street Kitchen.
Burn calories quickly while strengthening your legs with these 3 lunge moves.
Creamy goat cheese and smoky salmon in this omelet from Fitbie make it a decadent, healthy meal fit for any time of the day.
Impress your guests with flavorful appetizers that leave you with plenty of calories for dinner!
Challenge your lower body with these 9 glute-focused moves.
We asked what gift you'd ask for if money were no object. Here are your top answers  plus more affordable alternatives!
Many kinds of nuts and seeds also make tasty spreads. Check out these 5 worth trying: http://ow.ly/CAM5H
Slow down game day snacking without sacrificing your enjoyment.
Need some new snack ideas? Check out our Pinterest board of healthy snacks, 200 calorie recipes, and more.
These simple chili recipes are great to make ahead of time and have ready throughout the week.
Train your brain to know when to step up your workout, and when to take a break.
Now's the perfect time to jumpstart your health goals! MyFitnessPal's registered dietitian and Women's Health explain why...
A positive mindset can help you accomplish more than you think...
These delicious Baked Zucchini Sticks from Skinnytaste are a healthier alternative to fries, with just 154 calories per serving.
Here's a tip to double check for trans fats that may not be listed in the nutrition facts.
Should you exercise on empty? Learn the pros and cons.
Work your abs without hurting your back with this 10-minute workout.
Running backwards uses 30% more energy than running forward at the same speed. Check out other benefits it has for your body.
So you have a MyFitnessPal account and want to lose weight? Here are 7 ways to get started...
Our registered dietitian shares 7 tips and tricks for cutting back on added sugars.
This recipe from Dietitian Debbie Dishes includes a traditional Argentinean sauce to add serious flavor to this filling, high-fiber dish.
Craving some serious flavor? Try these tasty tacos from Cooking Light magazine.
Get a full body workout in 24 minutes - no equipment required!
Losing steam? Coffee isnt your only option...
Make juicy pork with robust flavor in this 5 ingredient recipe from Cook Smarts.
Casseroles allow for faster prep, faster cook time, and less clean up. Give them a try with this recipe from Lorimer Street Kitchen.
We've put together 101 bite-size resolutions to help you make 2015 your healthiest year yet.
Dr. Pamela Peeke, author of The Hunger Fix, shares her insights on food addiction.
The mason jar trend has moved from beverages to entire meals! Here's an easy way to enjoy them for breakfast.
MyFitnessPals Registered Dietitian explains 5 things you should know about coconut oil.
Rope jumping can improve coordination, strength, and balanceand its fun! Give it a try with this quick workout.
See what you get for 2,000 calories at major restaurant chains...
This vegetable spin on lasagna from Cooking Light delivers a healthy serving of protein and fiber.
You don't need a studio to try barre...
Its never too late to get even healthier (and happier)...
"Hearing [user] testimonials on how MyFitnessPal helped them change and improve their lives makes me feel proud to be a part of MyFitnessPal."
A breakfast high in protein can help you feel full longer and keep you on track with your goals.
Weight plates can help you tone much more than just your arms...
See how new types of pasta measure up against traditional and whole wheat.
Cardio, resistance training, stretching does the order matter? See what a new study has to say.
Looking for a high-protein dinner? These Grilled Fish Tacos from Eating Bird Food deliver nearly 50g of protein per serving!
This hearty chili from Cooking Light magazine is simple to prepare, and is high in protein and fiber.
Could changing how you view working out help you stick with it long-term?
This curried cauliflower recipe from Fitbie is a high fiber dish that's packed with flavor - pair with brown rice for a satisfying dinner! http://ow.ly/DB0nI
Getting a good workout doesn't have to mean spending a lot of money. Here are 6 ways to get an inexpensive workout.
Learn 5 key ways alcohol can impact your health journey.
Make sure you're getting the most out of your lunge with these 4 tips.
There are lots of gadgets out there for runners. To help you give just the right one to the runner on your list, here are our top suggestions.
Need a lighter lunch idea? Try these hummus wraps with any veggies you have at home.
These burrito bowls from 24 Carrot Life are a great lunch to make ahead and bring to work. Try them out and let us know what you think!
Looking to buy a healthy gift for the holidays? Here is our list of top health gadgets.
Avoid a mid-morning crash with this delicious, no sugar added breakfast from MyFitnessPal's Registered Dietitian. 
Butternut squash is easy to work with, and packed with nutrients. Here are 5 delicious and healthy ways you can enjoy it at home.
If you eliminate a food group, you will lose weight initially, but the question is: at what cost?
Help someone on your list find their favorite home workout with these 10 gift ideas.
Help us get to the Crunchies Awards! We'd love your help voting for MyFitnessPal for Best Health Startup Award:
Barre classes can help build balance, flexibility and shape your entire body  no dance experience required!
"Were excited to celebrate the successes of each of you as we strive for the next 75 million users!"
Fat burning occurs at a much lower intensity than many of us realize.
Short on time? Try one of these quick cardio workouts.
Give your muscles the release they need with these tips from Runtastic!
Improve your runs and your recovery with these 8 yoga moves from Runtastic.
These football-inspired moves will burn calories and help you build strength - swap it in for one of your workouts this week!
