Enjoy a healthy french toast breakfast at home or on the go with this recipe from Hungry Healthy Girl. 
Swap lettuce and ketchup on your burger for cilantro and sriracha mayo with this flavorful recipe from Cooking Light magazine.
Make falafel right at home! Try it with creamy avocado spread in this recipe from Cooking Light magazine.
Enjoy a light, refreshing salmon dish with just 6 ingredients in this recipe from Cooking Light.
Looking for a new chicken dinner? Here's one from Cooking Light magazine that's full of flavor and protein.
Make yourself a healthy version of a takeout classic with this Smoky Pork Stir Fry recipe from Cooking Light magazine. http://ow.ly/BHoeM
In the mood for fish tacos? Try this simple and delicious recipe from Cooking Light magazine, with plenty of protein and fiber.
Have high-protein, flavorful chicken and mushrooms ready in under 25 minutes in this recipe from Cooking Light magazine.
Turn leftover chicken into an impressive, healthy meal with this caesar quinoa salad recipe from Cooking Light magazine. http://ow.ly/CopDz
Enjoy a healthy, restaurant-quality dinner at home with this recipe from Cooking Light magazine.
This tortilla soup recipe from Cooking Light magazine adds shrimp and avocado to turn this bowl of smoky flavor into a satisfying meal. http://ow.ly/CKQeY
This recipe from Cooking Light magazine takes just 30 minutes to make, and will keep you full with a healthy dose of protein and fiber.
Make tender, pull-apart beef with just five ingredients in this Cooking Light magazine recipe.
Make tender Chinese barbecue at home with this healthy slow cooker recipe from Cooking Light magazine.
This BBQ Chicken Pizza from Cooking Light magazine is a delicious, healthy way to treat yourself this weekend.
Enjoy a light, healthy pasta dinner with this recipe from Skinnytaste.
Have a festive brunch or easy dinner with this cheesy, melt-in-your-mouth polenta dish from Cooking Light magazine.
Flavor chicken with salty prosciutto and lemon for a bright, high-protein, low-carb meal in this recipe from Cooking Light magazine.
